Terraria Automations is about automating simple farming tasks such as fishing and using items on an extractinator.
This mod was originally designed as part of my Engaged Skyblock mod, but I decided to make it it's own since the automations could be used in non-skyblock words if desired.

	-Automations:
		AutoFisher:
			An auto fisher can be created by using a [i:498]/[i:1989] Mannequin/Wommannequin.
			8 New Item slots:
				-Fishing pole slot is the far left slot
				-Bait slots all 7 other slots.
			Fishing Gear:
				-Dressing a Mannequin with the angler outfit or fishing accessories provides those bonuses to the auto fisher.
			Fishing Changes:
				-Enemies will never spawn from the auto fisher fishing.
			Storage:
				-Placing a chest on either side of the Mannequin will store the fished items in the chest (prioritizes the one behind them).
				-If no chest is near, the items will spawn when they hit the Mannequin.

		AutoExtractinators:
			Auto:
				-Right clicking on an Extractinator will open it's internal inventory (which is just a chest).  Place items in the chest for it to auto-extract them.
				-Extracted items are pushed to chests on either side of the Extractinator, or spawned if no chests are present or they are full.
			Wood Auto Extractinator:
				1 extraction every 10 seconds
				Manual use 5x slower than vanilla Extractinator
				10% chance to recieve no item
			Vanilla Extractinator:
				1 extraction every second
				Manual use (no change, 1x speed)
			Hellstone Auto Extractinator:
				2 extractions every second
				Manual use speed insteased by 1.67x
				10% chance to double extracted item stack size
			Vanilla Chlorophyte Extractinator
				4 extractions every second
				Manual use (no change, 3x speed)
				20% chance to double extracted item stack size
			Luminite Auto Extractinator
				10 extractions every second
				Manual use speed increased by 5x
				30% chance to double extracted item stack size

			Item rarity:
				If a mod uses my TerrariaAutomations.ExtractTypeSet to set up extractinator loot, the chance of getting more desireable loot is affected: (Currently doesn't support vanilla drop tables)
					Wood: reduced by 0.65x
					Hellstone: 1.35x
					Vanilla Chlorophyte: 1.7x
					Luminite: 2.05x

		Block Breakers/Placers:
			What are they good for?
				They only break/place the block in front of them, so in general, they aren't very useful with only vanilla content.
				Mods that have tile changing affects such as my mod, Engaged Skyblock, can make much better use of this becase you can place a block, it will change then break it.
				In Engaged Skyblock, I also changed liquid mechanics to allow for a Minecraft style stone block generator, so the breakers are very good for that.

		Block Breakers:
			Break the block they are facing repeatedly. (2 red or green dots are the side they will break a block on.)
			Higher tier block breakers have a higher pickaxe power and attempt to break block faster.
			If wire is placed on them, they will only activate when the wire is on.
			Left clicking them with a hammer will rotate them.

		Block Placers:
			Place blocks from a chest they are touching in front of them.  Facing direction same as Block Breakers but cyan dots.
			Higher tier block placers place blocks more often.
			If wire is placed on them, they will only activate when the wire is on.
			Left clicking them with a hammer will rotate them.

		Chest Indicators:
			Chests that are being used as an output/input to the automation tiles have 2 indicators.
				-Left indicator is the total number of items.  Sum of all items compaired / sum of all item max stacks.
				-Right indicator is the slots filled.  slots filled / 40 (chest size)

		Wiring:
			All automation tiles are compatible with wiring.  Placing a wire on them will pause them.  When the wire is activated, they will do 1 operation.
			This allows timers to work as on/off switches if desired, or you can do some timing with block breakers/placers for tile conversions.

		Pipes:
			Pipes are similar to vanilla wire.  They are placed with a Pipe Wrench (Right click with a Pipe Wrench to remove.)
			Pipes connect chests and automation tiles together to form a stroage network.  Automations tiles will use chests in the network for storing/using items.
			Pipes are compatible with vanilla Junction Boxes.
			Pipes and the Pipe Wrench are sold by the Mechanic.  Pipes can also be crafted from iron/lead bars.

	-Recipies:
		Extractinator [i:997]: [Anvil] 20 Iron/Lead bar [i:22]/[i:704] + Wood Auto Extractinator
		Chlorophyte Extractinator [i:5296]: [Mythril Anvil] 20 Chlorophyte Bar [i:1006] + Hellstone Auto Extractinator